README.md, before:

# Marku's Bike Shop

## Requeriments

Setup development

- `npm install` - Install all dependencies

# Run project

- `npm run dev` - Start frontend
- `npm run start` - Start 'fake' api

### It's necessary to have both started!

## Information

I haven't done everything I would like given the time. But, these are the decisions I have made and why:

- `Redux` - In this case, I didn't integrate Redux in the project because I think it's adding a lot of unnecessary complexity.
- `Responsive` - In this case, I didn't have time enough to make a website responsive even it's very easy with Tailwind.
- `Tests` - I would have add E2E to test all website with Playwright.

## More phases

As an MVP, in the next phases I would do:

- PHASE I - Make more scalable the system of rules and adjustement prices.
- PHASE II - Add another component where you can see how is the bike with the selections as other websites.
- PHASE III - Create a suggestion system: if user is going to use the bike on mountain, advise the user not to choose road wheels...
- PHASE IV - Analytics / Testing / Documentation

## Technologies

- `JSON Server` - It simulates a fake server and we can make simulate api calls.
- `Flowbite` - Library of components.
- `TailwindCSS` - Framework for styling. I saw in your page that you use it, so even I don't have so much experience, I have try it!
- `React/Typescript`
- `Excalidraw` - https://excalidraw.com/#room=6c640ac0129d60322061,F83AKpvHxEVHTuOMy50Q9w - Research & ideas that I made

Commit message:

Updated README. Finish adjustments. Remove Prettier

README.md, after:

# Marku's Bike Shop

## Requeriments

Setup development

- `npm install` - Install all dependencies

# Run project

- `npm run dev` - Start frontend
- `npm run start` - Start 'fake' api

### It's necessary to have both started!

## Information

I haven't done everything I would like given the time. But, these are the decisions I have made and why:

- `Redux` - In this case, I didn't integrate Redux in the project because I think it's adding a lot of unnecessary complexity.
- `Responsive` - In this case, I didn't have time enough to make a website responsive even it's very easy with Tailwind.
- `Tests` - I would have add E2E to test all website with Playwright.

## More phases

As an MVP, in the next phases I would do:

- PHASE I - System of rules and adjustement prices more scalable. Exhaustive tests and resolve corner cases.
- PHASE II - Add another component where you can see how is the bike with the selections as other websites.
- PHASE III - Create a suggestion system: if user is going to use the bike on mountain, advise the user not to choose road wheels...
- PHASE IV - Analytics / Testing / Documentation

## Technologies

- `JSON Server` - It simulates a fake server and we can make simulate api calls.
- `Flowbite` - Library of components.
- `Biome` - Formatter/Linter and a good alternative to Prettier, with better performance.
- `TailwindCSS` - Framework for styling. I saw in your page that you use it, so even I don't have so much experience, I have try it!
- `React/Typescript`
- `Excalidraw` - https://excalidraw.com/#room=6c640ac0129d60322061,F83AKpvHxEVHTuOMy50Q9w - Research & ideas that I made

## Screenshoots

![Price adjustments](adjustments.png)
![Rules](rules.png)
